Which of the following dragon species builds their lairs of magically cured tree sap?
Fae Dragons

What do Fae dragons use to build their roosts?
Tree Sap

Which of the following dragon breeds is the smallest?
Fae

Which species is known for monotone speech, lacking inflection?
Fae

Which of these dragons hails from the Starwood Strand?
Fae

What dragon species is native to the Fishspine Reef?
Guardian Dragons

The male of which breed boasts a magnificent beard?
Guardian

What notable feature about themselves do physically male Guardians take pride in?
Their beards.

This dragon species is known for their protective instincts:
Guardian Dragons

When a Guardian leaves their birth clan to find something to protect, what is the act of looking called?
The Search

What sort of dragons might a Guardian take as their charge?
There is no criteria.

From which region does the Mirror dragon species originate?
The Abiding Boneyard

This dragon species is known for savagery and large roaming packs that can grow into swarms:
Mirror Dragons

What breed of dragon travels in packs and is known for their hunger?
Mirror

Mirror dragons have how many eyes?
Four.

Which of the following dragon species has a dense winter coat?
Tundra Dragons

Which of the following dragon species has a thick fur coat that they shed each summer?
Tundra Dragon

What seasonal fur coat is represented in the official Tundra breed art?
Summer Coat.

Which of these dragon breeds possess large canines reserved for use in combat?
Tundra

Which dragon species has an excellent olfactory memory?
Tundra Dragons

Which dragon breed has excellent olfactory memory?
Tundra

Which of the following is food for a tundra?
Strawberry.

Which of the following dragon species carries around a physical representation of their soul?
Pearlcatcher Dragons

Which of the following dragon species borrows from their neighbors without permission?
Ridgeback

What dragon's society revolves around 'borrowing' objects?
Ridgeback

What breed of dragon hates water but only eats seafood?
Ridgeback

Which of these traits about Ridgebacks are true?
An intense dislike of water.

Which of the following dragon species originated from The Shattered Plain?
Snapper Dragons

Which of the following dragon species is land-bound?
Snapper Dragons

This dragon species is nomadic, following ancient looping paths known only to their respective clans:
Snapper Dragons

Which of the following dragon species is known for their insomnia?
Snapper Dragons

This dragon species has the ability to use their jaws to crush the armored plating of other dragons:
Snapper Dragons

Which dragon breed never sleeps?
Snapper

Which of the following dragon species has a pair of smaller wings on their arms and legs?
Spiral Dragons

Which of the following dragon species do not possess a mane?
Spiral Dragons

This dragon species is known for tying itself into knots when agitated:
Spiral Dragons

When bored, Spiral dragons will do what, out of frustration?
Tie themselves in knots.

Which breed is typically characterized by hyperactivity?
Spiral

Question: Which dragons have large, sensitive eyes that they use for nocturnal hunting?
Spiral

Which of the following dragon species have feathered wings?
Skydancer Dragons

Skydancers start off knowing what Coliseum moves?
Meditate and Contuse

Which of the following dragon species has branched horns, like antlers?
Imperial Dragons

What are an Imperial's wings composed of?
Leather

Which of the following is a "limited" dragon breed?
Imperial

Which of these breeds make up Emperor Dragons?
Imperial

What type of dragon has many heads?
Emperor

What is the maximum amount of heads an emperor dragon may possess?
11

This dragon species originated from Emberglow Hearth:
Coatl Dragons

Where do Coatl dragons originate from?
Ashfall Waste

Which of the following dragon species have a pair of feathered wings and a feathered chest?
Coatl

Which breed has a difficult time communicating with fae dragons?
Coatl

Which breed does not speak common Draconian?
Coatl

This dragon species has a native language that consists of humming tones:
Coatl Dragons

Dragons of this species bleach to white when they become deathly ill:
Coatl Dragons

Dull coloration is a sign of ill heath in what dragon breed?
Coatl dragons.

An unhealthy coatl can by identified by:
Fading Plumage

Which of the following dragon species has a forked tongue?
Coatl Dragons

From what region did Wildclaw dragons originate?
The Shrieking Wilds

Which of the following treasures is NOT favored by Wind Flight dragons?
Birds

Dragons of this flight are considered tricksters.
Shadow Flight

Scrolls and relics are the favored treasure of dragons from which Flight?
Light

What color eyes do Plague dragons have?
Red

What will the element of a newly hatched dragon be?
The element of the nest

What element will your newly hatched dragons be?
The element of your lair

Parent dragons may not share ancestors or relatives within how many generations in order to be eligible for breeding?
Five

When are dragon eggs ready to hatch?
The day after the fifth incubation period.

What is the maximum number of eggs you can get in a single nest by breeding two dragons of the same species?
Four

What gives your dragons the chance to have a 5 egg nest?
Breeding two dragons of different species.

Dragon nests have a range of how many eggs?
1 - 5

Which of these breeds can be obtained from unhatched elemental eggs?
Fae

Which of these breeds can be obtained from unhatched elemental eggs?
Guardian

Which of these breeds can be obtained from unhatched elemental eggs?
Mirror

Which of these breeds can be obtained from unhatched elemental eggs?
Tundra

What is the breeding cooldown of a fae dragon?
15 days

What is the breeding cooldown of a guardian dragon?
15 days

What is the breeding cooldown of a mirror dragon?
15 days

What is the breeding cooldown of a tundra dragon?
15 days

What is the breeding cooldown of a pearlcatcher dragon?
20 days

What is the breeding cooldown of a ridgeback dragon?
20 days

What is the breeding cooldown of a snapper dragon?
20 days

What is the breeding cooldown of a spiral dragon?
20 days

What is the breeding cooldown of a skydancer dragon?
25 days

What is the breeding cooldown of an imperial dragon?
30 days

What is the breeding cooldown of a coatl dragon?
35 days

What is the breeding cooldown of a wildclaw dragon?
35 days

Which dragon breed has a 25-day breeding cooldown?
Skydancer

Which of these breeds has the longest breeding cooldown?
Coatl

How many days are required for a coatl to be able to breed again after laying a nest?
35

A Fae's diet consists of:
Insects

A Guardian's diet consists of:
Meat, Seafood, Plants, and Insects

A Mirror's diet consists of:
Meat and Seafood

A Tundra's diet consists of:
Plants

A Pearlcatcher's diet consists of:
Plants and Insects

A Ridgeback's diet consists of:
Seafood

A Snapper's diet consists of:
Plants and Seafood

A Spiral's diet consists of:
Insects and Meat

A Skydancer's diet consists of:
Plants and Insects

An Imperial's diet consists of:
Seafood, Meat, Insects, and Plants

A coatl's diet consists of:
Seafood

A Wildclaw's diet consists of:
Meat

Which breeds of dragons are capable of eating all four food types?
Guardians and Imperials.

Which of these dragons is not a courier?
Selene

What do the courier dragons consider of the utmost importance?
The safe delivery of their cargo

What are the breeds of the dragons featured in the site's top banner?
Guardian, Fae, Mirror

Which breed is an option for your custom progen, the starter dragon you receive at the start of the game?
Fae

Which breed is an option for your custom progen, the starter dragon you receive at the start of the game?
Guardian

Which breed is an option for your custom progen, the starter dragon you receive at the start of the game?
Mirror

Which breed is an option for your custom progen, the starter dragon you receive at the start of the game?
Tundra

This item allows a player to change the pattern on their dragon, a trait which will be passed onto offspring:
Gene Scroll

This item will allow a player to change the breed of their dragon, a trait which may be passed onto their offspring:
Breed Change Scroll

Which group of genes affects the appearance of a dragon's wings?
Secondary Genes

Which gene is a primary, secondary, and tertiary?
Basic

Which secondary gene has the highest chance of being passed down when bred against another gene?
Basic

Which of the following is a primary gene?
Clown

Which of the following is a primary gene?
Iridescent

Which of the following is a primary gene?
Ripple

Which of the following is a primary gene?
Speckle

Which of the following is a primary gene?
Tiger

What type of gene is clown?
A primary gene

What type of gene is iridescent?
A primary gene

What type of gene is ripple?
A primary gene

What type of gene is speckle?
A primary gene

What type of gene is tiger?
A primary gene

Which of the following is a secondary gene?
Current

Which of the following is a secondary gene?
Eye Spot

Which of the following is a secondary gene?
Freckle

Which of the following is a secondary gene?
Seraph

Which of the following is a secondary gene?
Shimmer

Which of the following is a secondary gene?
Stripes

What type of gene is current?
A secondary gene

What type of gene is eye spot?
A secondary gene

What type of gene is freckle?
A secondary gene

What type of gene is seraph?
A secondary gene

What type of gene is shimmer?
A secondary gene

What type of gene is stripes?
A secondary gene

Which of the following is a tertiary gene?
Circuit

Which of the following is a tertiary gene?
Crackle

Which of the following is a tertiary gene?
Gembond

Which of the following is a tertiary gene?
Underbelly

What type of gene is circuit?
A tertiary gene

What type of gene is crackle?
A teritiary gene

What type of gene is gembond?
A tertiary gene

What type of gene is underbelly?
A tertiary gene

Which of the following gene scrolls were never available in the gem marketplace?
Seraph

Which of the following is an official color outcome for a dragon?
Emerald

Which of the following is an official color outcome for a dragon?
Gold

Which of the following is a possible color outcome for a Flight Rising dragon?
Ice

Which of the following is a possible color outcome for a Flight Rising dragon?
Avocado

Which of the following is a possible color outcome for a Flight Rising dragon?
Lemon

Which of the following is a possible color outcome for a Flight Rising dragon?
Magenta

Which of the following is a possible color outcome for a Flight Rising dragon?
Purple

Which of the following is a possible color outcome for a Flight Rising dragon?
Stonewash

Which of the following is both a type of flower found in apparel and a possible color for a dragon?
Violet

Which of the following is not a possible color through breeding?
Grape

Which of the following is not a possible color through breeding?
Seaweed

Which of the following is not a possible color through breeding?
Snowflake

Which of the following is not a possible color through breeding?
Tiffany

Which of the following options is not a color possibility on Dragons?
Mist

Which of the following options are not a possible color combination on dragons?
Flame

What is the visible characteristic that a dragon's element controls?
Eye Color

What is the maximum amount of dragons you can put in a coliseum party?
3

Which of the following is a coliseum venue?
The Training Fields

A coliseum venue is a location inside the coliseum that dragons may battle in. Which of the following is a coliseum venue?
Woodland Path

A coliseum venue is a location inside the coliseum that dragons may battle in. Which of the following is a coliseum venue?
Scorched Forest

A coliseum venue is a location inside the coliseum that dragons may battle in. Which of the following is a coliseum venue?
Forgotten Cave

A coliseum venue is a location inside the coliseum that dragons may battle in. Which of the following is a coliseum venue?
Bamboo Falls

A coliseum venue is a location inside the coliseum that dragons may battle in. Which of the following is a coliseum venue?
Sandswept Delta

A coliseum venue is a location inside the coliseum that dragons may battle in. Which of the following is a coliseum venue?
Waterway

A coliseum venue is a location inside the coliseum that dragons may battle in. Which of the following is a coliseum venue?
Arena

A coliseum venue is a location inside the coliseum that dragons may battle in. Which of the following is a coliseum venue?
Boreal Wood

A coliseum venue is a location inside the coliseum that dragons may battle in. Which of the following is a coliseum venue?
Harpy's Roost

A coliseum venue is a location inside the coliseum that dragons may battle in. Which of the following is a coliseum venue?
The Mire

A coliseum venue is a location inside the coliseum that dragons may battle in. Which of the following is a coliseum venue?
Kelp Beds

What is the level 25 venue?
Kelp Beds

What is the name of Arcane's special ability?
Enfeeble

What is the name of Earth's special ability?
Fossilize

What is the name of Fire's special ability?
Sear

What is the name of Ice's special ability?
Congeal

What is the name of Light's special ability?
Enamor

What is the name of Lightning's special ability?
Shock

What is the name of Nature's special ability?
Envenom

What is the name of Plague's special ability?
Contaminate

What is the name of Shadow's special ability?
Shroud

What is the name of Water's special ability?
Drown

What is the name of Wind's special ability?
Disorient

Which of these is not a Coliseum ability?
Phlegm Bolt

Which coliseum ability has a chance to send incoming spells back to their source?
Reflect

Which of the following is considered an Accessory Stone for the Coliseum?
Ambush

Which of the following battle stones grants your meditate ability a 50% chance to generate twice as much breath?
Discipline

How many health points does a minor health potion heal?
100 points

In the Coliseum, which element would deal the most damage to a Light-element enemy?
Lightning

In which venue can one encounter a bumble?
Training Fields

In which venue might one encounter a bumble?
Training Fields

What type of gene is bumble?
Trick question: It is a familiar.

Do bumbles have elbowed antennae?
Yes.

Which of the following monsters is known to patrol the Training Fields?
Ruby Webwing

This distinctive moth has deep reds and purples running through it’s leafy wings. Its difficult to classify as purely flora or fauna.
Amaranth Moth

Luna Mith patrol this territory, providing a challenge for new warriors:
Training Fields

In which venue might one encounter a Dark-tufted Sparrowmouse?
Training Fields

In which venue might one encounter a Yellow Sparrowmouse?
Training Fields

In which venue might one encounter a Glowing Pocket Mouse?
Training Fields (and sometimes the forums)

In which venue might one encounter an Ember Mouse?
Training Fields

This rodent is no more flammable than any other:
Ember Mouse

Which creature calls the training fields home, and fights to protect it from encroaching dragons?
Coral Carpenter

This solitary species of bee lives in coastal areas. It is known for burrowing into desiccated pieces of coral:
Coral Carpenter

Which creature calls the scorched forest home, and fights to protect it from encroaching dragons?
Umberhorn Qiriq

In which venue can one encounter an Umberhorn Qiriq?
Scorched Forest

These creatures often herald the arrival of their much larger, more destructive cousin, the Firebird.
Smoke Gyre

This creature's gaze can petrify even the hardiest Earth dragons into stone. Staring contests with this familiar are not recommended.
Basilisk

What familiar does NOT have a mane?
Banded Owlcat

This cannibalistic snail produces a powerful venom:
Blue Dragon Reef Snail

Dreameaters claim this territory as their own, and fight to defend it:
Bamboo Waterfall

Baku claim this territory as their own, and fight to defend it:
Bamboo Waterfall

Which familiar is able to walk both the physical and ethereal plane?
Baku

Which enemy drops fishscale baskets in the coliseum?
Tengu

Tengu haunt this territory, and ambush unwary travelers:
Bamboo Waterfall

Hainu flock to this venue:
Bamboo Falls

Hainu flock to this venue?
Bamboo Falls.

Red-Breasted hainu flocks call this territory home:
Bamboo Falls

Which creature calls the bamboo falls home, and fights to protect it from encroaching dragons?
Fungalhoof Qiriq

These creatures leave a trail of vibrant fungi in their wake. Tracking it is easy; surviving an encounter with one is less so:
Fungalhoof Qiriq

Which creature calls the sandswept delta home, and fights to protect it from encroaching dragons?
Greatshell

Young dragons will sometimes prank rival clans by leaving the reeking remains of which Familiar outside their lair?
Greatshell

So many of these creatures live in the Abiding Boneyard that the sand itself looks as though it's rippling like an ocean:
Shattered Serpent

This creature's scales present a particularly rich shade of red after it has freshly molted:
Carmine Serthis

In which venue might one encounter a peacock scorpion?
Sandswept Delta

A playful and mischievous familiar. These creatures will often sneak into dragon lairs and abscond with shiny bits of treasure:
Grey River Flight

It's so fluffy!
Cumulus Seal

This familiar has set aside the staff of war as to take up the staff of healing,which one is it ?
Longneck Mender

Longneck are indigenous to which region of the world?
Dragonhome

In which venue might one encounter a sprangryroo?
Arena

Which of the following familiars is not a gathering exclusive item?
Celestial Antelope

Which of the following creatures may appear in Boreal Wood?
Maned Rasa

A number of Winter Wolves never lose their summer colors. These individuals are uncommon and generally smaller than their snowy-coated brethren:
Black Wolf

Which creature calls Harpy's Roost home, and fights to protect it from encroaching dragons?
Blue Tang Hippogriff

In which venue does one encounter a Cardinal Hippogriff?
Harpy's Roost

In which venue might one encounter a Hooded Dodo?
Harpy's Roost

Which creature has evolved to have 6 eyes, yet is completely blind?
Hooded dodo.

In which venue might one encounter a Brush Dodo?
Harpy's Roost

These birds are sometimes found frozen in place after particularly large snowstorms.
Snow Streak

Which familiar circles in flocks around the Arcanist's Observatory ?
Fallout Streak

This murderous bird is blind save for the large, ominous eye on its chest:
Death Seeker

Which familiar is named for their hide-and-seek behavior among cloud banks?
Clouddancer

Which of the following abilities are Aviars capable of?
Gliding

Which creature calls the mire home, and fights to protect it from encroaching dragons?
Scythe Kamaitachi

Naturally gifted with a photographic memory and a phosphorescent mane:
Brilliant Psywurm

Which creature calls the mire home, and fights to protect it from encroaching dragons?
Heartred Croaker

Named for its outer display, these brilliant red and green creatures are various shades of brown on the inside.
Heartred Croaker

These creatures spend their early lives swimming in shallow riverbeds. When they mature their fins will have elongated enough to facilitate flight:
Blackwing Croaker

In which venue might one encounter a Blackwing Croaker?
Mire

In which venue might one encounter a Brilliant Psywurm?
Mire

In which venue might one encounter a Psywurm?
Mire

In which venue might one encounter a Poisonous Toridae?
Mire

In which venue might one encounter a Venomous Toridae?
Mire

Where would you encounter a Mistwatch Shellion?
Mire

In which venue does one encounter a Common Podid?
The Mire

In which venue does one encounter a Salve Kamaitachi?
The Mire

In which venue does one encounter a Sickle Kamaitachi?
The Mire

This creature's oily mane repels water:
Shellion

Which of these coliseum enemies wield ice abilities?
Mistwatch Shellion

What element are Southmarsh Podids?
Water

Which of these Kamaitachis has a healing move?
Salve

In which venue would one find a Cloud Chaser?
Kelp Beds

In which venue might one encounter a cloud chaser?
Kelp Beds

In which venue might one encounter a Maren Ambusher?
Kelp Beds

This Beastclan prepares for battle by ingesting special tonics designed to make their blood poisonous.
Maren

In which venue might one encounter an Abyss Striker
Kelp Beds

These observers cluster around ancient aquatic ruins. They may change color to blend with their surroundings:
Abyss Striker

What enemy may resurrect itself given enough time?
Relic Eel

No one is entirely sure what these creatures sound like.
Tourmaline Vulstal

The crystals of Vulstals drop off as the creature grows. This familiar is capable of filling a hoard with riches:
Spinel Vulstal

Known for staying awake for days on end.
Perching Java Sparrow

Which familiars are said to be messengers of the Icewarden?
Frostbite Hummingbird

The scales of this cobra will stand on end when agitated, creating an impressive mane.
Maned Cobra

What characterizes the owners of Smoky Bantam Fangars?
A cloud of fur dusting their scales

Which of the following familiars is retired?
Golden Bantam Fangar

Which of these is a retired familiar?
Golden Bantam Fangar

Which bird is known for its tendency to hoard and brood over eggs?
Red-Footed Akiribeak

Which of the following familiars is retired?
Red-Footed Akirbeak

What is the value of a Black Dwarf Unicorn's horn?
Trick question: It is worthless!

This unicorn has lost its magic. Its once shining coat is dull. The horns of these unicorns are worthless.
Black Dwarf Unicorn

Which of the following familiars is only available in the gem marketplace?
Downy Fox Rat

Which species has been an ally to dragons for years beyond counting?
Dunhoof Centaurs

Although frightening to look at, these creatures mostly keep to themselves and the piles of calcified remains that they have collected:
Bone Fiend

Which of the following familiars is retired?
Boolean

Iridescent Scalebacks may be swapped at Swipp's Swap Stand for 75 of this trade item:
Reflective Fish Scales

Which gathering profession is needed to find a Darktouched Chimera
Scavenging

This enormous decopod releases millions of tiny bubbles from its carapace to ward off predators. But really, who is afraid of bubbles?
Gaseous Megashrimp

How many legs does a Skittering Megashrimp have?
10

This familiar can be gathered through the hunting skill:
Grasslands Trunker

What was the theme of the familiars that came from Marva's Hats in April 2013?
Rabbits

The toxins found in this familiar are used combat several strains of Wyrmwood plague
Driftwood Baron

At which stage do you receive 20 gold for bonding with your familiar?
Tolerant

At what state is a Familiar fully bonded with its host dragon?
Awakened.

At which stage(s) of familiar bonding is a dragon awarded an gilded chest for their dedication to the friendship?
Awakened.

What is the chest you receive when your dragon has fully bonded with its familiar, causing it to awaken?
A Gilded Chest

Companions for your dragons are found in what sub-section of the marketplace?
Familiars

Which of the following is not a way to obtain a familiar?
Fairgrounds

What is the log of all of the familiars you possess called?
Bestiary

Which Beastclans inhabit the Southern Icefield?
Centaurs and Longnecks.

This spider is named for its habit of jumping in the face of any dragon, no matter how large:
Bold Jumping Spider

Which of the following crickets is uncharacteristically quiet at night and noisy during the day?
Blue Cricket

Which bug has the ability to levitate?
Hardshell

Which of these ant species can be found in the world of Flight Rising?
Pharaoh Ant

Protective wasps are a byproduct of fighting this type of opponent in the arena:
Warcat Protector

The stripes along this cave gecko's hide become bio-luminescent when it senses danger. Not nature's proudest moment, there.
Cave Gecko

This rare food item is sometimes served when dragons are trying to impress one another:
Golden Reefprince

What gathering profession occasionally yields Onyx Cobras?
Hunting

What creature can infect dragons with gembond?
Onyx Cobra

Living in arcane-infused fields does strange things to this variety of mouse. All that matters is they’re magically delicious.
Satin Mouse

Eating this food item may tickle the back of a dragon’s throat, causing them to sneeze:
Yellow-Tinged Featherduster

This sparrow can fly amazingly high, only to pass out from lack of oxygen. They tend to be short lived and squishy.
Zephyr Sparrow

The Brilliant Bobtail Squid conveys its emotions through bioluminescent displays. Which emotional display has never been observed by a dragon?
Happiness

This seafood item was once bred to produce brilliantly colored, decorative fins. An accidental reintroduction to the wild sees these jewels migrating to new territories.
Crowntail Wanderer

Which of the following is a food item indigenous to The Southern Icefield?
Jumbo Shrimp

Which food item is known for being susceptible to parasites that dragons may also catch?
Lyretail Puffer

This mysterious urchin appears only when the situation is most dire, never mind what that means.
Tuxedo Urchin

Which urchin is the most special and unique?
Snowflake urchin.

What is the comfort food of heart-broken veggie-dragons?
Black Tulip

While this variety of apple is sweet, the dragon it was named for was bitter.
Granny Smith Apple

The food item Light's Breath is worth how many food points?
2

According to legend there is a Lucky Star that grants luck for life. How many leaves should it have?
Eight

True to its name, this plant's leaves are favored as snacks due to their sweet, cooling taste.
Minty Jadevine

Most dragons don't mind the sharp edges of this plant; the sweet taste is worth a little pain!
Sugary Prickleaf

Serrated beaks are a byproduct of fighting emerald webwings in the training fields. What type of item are serrated beaks?
A meat item

Legend says the Fallen Star is exactly that, a star that fell from the heavens and landed in the ocean. What is the fallen star?
A seafood item.

Dayglo Thresh is described as being a mild pastel under normal lighting conditions, it flares when magics are worked in its vicinity. What type of item is a dayglo thresh?
A plant item

Which food stash is listed first on the lair page?
Insects

To celebrate its first anniversary, Flight Rising released what type of food items?
Cakes

Which one of these was a cake given out for Flight Rising's 1st Anniversary?
Stolen Cake

Which of the following IS NOT a food item?
Amber-Trapped Mosquito

Which of the following is NOT a food item?
Breed Change: Pearlcatcher

Which of the following IS NOT a food item?
Clay

Which of the following IS NOT a food item?
Darktouched Chimera

Which of the following IS NOT a food item?
Fossilized Fish

Which of the following IS NOT a food item?
Giant Sand Dollar

Which of the following IS NOT a food item?
Jar of Slime

Which of the following IS NOT a food item?
Moldy Leather

Which of the following IS NOT a food item?
Pine Logs

Which of the following IS NOT a food item?
Silver Ore

Which of the following IS NOT a food item?
Squirrel Skull

Which of the following IS NOT a food item?
Small Legbones

Which of the following IS NOT a food item?
Tiny Feathers

Which of the following IS NOT a food item?
Unhatched Ice Egg

What can dragons use to soothe an upset stomach?
Sand

Which of the following materials is the one Tempest Spire engineers dislike the most?
Magnetite

An intact stone relief depicts what breed of dragon?
Guardian

When touched, wisps of smoke begin to swim beneath the surface of this dark stone. What type of item is the haunted stone orb?
Trinket

Where is a Chimera Relic made?
Blacksand Annex

What item is made of imitation gold?
Golden Collar

Which of the following artifacts is a bad omen to touch, move, look at, or sell?
Canopic Jar

Which deity doll is made from exceptionally soft animal hide?
Furry Icewarden Puppet

Which deity doll is made of exceptionally soft animal hide?
Furry Icewarden Puppet

The Icewarden Puppet is which of these qualities?
Furry

Which of these materials is the Soft Lightweaver Idol made of?
Silk

Some clans like to keep these for luck, in hopes that their children will grow up strong.
Fertility Statues

This scavenged object smells like... Rum? That's odd.
Sparrow Skull

Where can you find Ancestral Incense?
Scavenging

Which of the following apparel items can be found as a Coliseum drop?
Duneglider Cape

Which Coliseum Venue can you find the Twilight Cape in?
Harpy's Roost

The Steampunk Apparel Sets do not contain the following piece:
Pantaloons

The Simple Gold jewelry set does not contain the following piece:
Nose Ring

This silk coloration cannot be purchased in the marketplace:
Crimson

How can one obtain crimson silk apparel?
They are a trade offered by Swipp

Which Talonclasp Pendant was never sold in the Marketplace?
Diamond

Which of the following is NOT a method of gathering?
Harvesting

What type of gathering can occasionally turn up unhatched eggs?
Scavenging

What item would you use to skip incubation and hatch a nest immediately?
Boon of Fertility

What happens when a dragon peers into an infused crystal?
Strange shapes begin to move within... and peer back...

A Muckbottom Shell may be ground up to form what?
A rough pigment.

What is the name of the earth domain?
Dragonhome

What is the name of the plague domain?
Scarred Wasteland

What is the name of the wind domain?
Windswept Plateau

What is the name of the water domain?
Sea of a Thousand Currents

What is the name of the lightning domain?
Shifting Expanse

What is the name of the ice domain?
Southern Icefield

What is the name of the shadow domain?
Tangled Wood

What is the name of the light domain?
Sunbeam Ruins

What is the name of the arcane domain?
Starfall Isles

What is the name of the nature domain?
Viridian Labyrinth

What is the name of the fire domain?
Ashfall Waste

Rotrock Rim is an subregion in which flights territory?
Plague

In which subregion may travelers become lost for centuries, or even eternity?
Abiding Boneyard

What is the name of the never-ending storm in the Windswept Plateau?
The Twisting Crescendo

The Tidelord's domain is said to have how many currents?
One Thousand

Which deity reigns over The Sea of a Thousand Currents?
The Tidelord

Where does the Tidelord reside?
Spiral Keep

The coral here roots deep into the dried marrow of gargantuan bones left behind from an ancient battle in a forgotten era:
Fishspine Reef

The Hewn City is Subregion of which Domain?
Sunbeam Ruins

Which of these locations exist in the Viridian Labyrinth?
Everbloom Gardens

What is the name of the tree in the center of the Viridian Labyrinth that can be seen from most horizons in the world?
The Behemoth

Which location in the Ashfall Waste is reserved for the largest lairs?
The Great Furnace

Which of the following is a subregion of the Ashfall Waste?
Molten Scar

The elemental leader of the earth flight is named:
Earthshaker

The elemental leader of the plague flight is named:
The Plaguebringer

The elemental leader of the wind flight is named:
The Windsinger

The elemental leader of the water flight is named:
The Tidelord

The elemental leader of the lightning flight is named:
The Stormcatcher

The elemental leader of the ice flight is named:
Icewarden

The elemental leader of the shadow flight is named:
The Shadowbinder

What is the elemental leader of the Shadow Flight called?
The Shadowbinder

The elemental leader of the light flight is named:
The Lightweaver

The elemental leader of the arcane flight is named:
Arcanist

The elemental leader of the nature flight is named:
The Gladekeeper

The elemental leader of the fire flight is named:
Flamecaller

Which dragon god is the eldest?
Earthshaker

Which dragon god is the youngest?
Arcanist

The Arcanist was created in...
...the devastating aftermath of a magical reactor explosion.

Which Deity has the most limbs (arms/legs/wings)?
Arcanist

What are the official colours of the Windsinger?
Seafoam / Spring / Aqua

What is the Stormcatcher known for saying?
GET BACK TO WORK!

Where does Tidelord foretell his prophecies?
The Spiral Keep

What are the names of the dragons keeping the Lightweaver company in her lair?
Boston and Hope

Which deity created imperials?
Lightweaver

These two dragon gods are considered sisters due to their creation from the same event:
Plaguebringer and Gladekeeper.

The four dragon gods that shaped the world are:
The Earthshaker, Flamecaller, Windsinger, and Tidelord.

What great event brought forth the creation of the Stormcatcher?
The warring of the Windsinger and Tidelord.

The volcanic upheaval and smoke caused by the Flamecaller in the First Age was the catalyst for:
The creation and expansion of the Southern Icefield.

Which of the following deities was not present in the First Age?
The Plaguebringer

During which age was the Gladekeeper born?
Third Age

At the end of which age was The Pillar destroyed?
Third Age

Which of these gods did not slumber within the pillar?
Gladekeeper

Which Deity slumbered on the very top of The Pillar?
The Lightweaver

To reach the top of the Pillar of the World, the Arcanist had to:
Climb.

Which dragon god was the first to leave after the shattering of the World Pillar?
Stormcatcher

Which deity was not among the first four to shape the world?
Shadowbinder

What was the name of the enigmatic figure who predicted the closing of the Second Age?
The Speaker.

What was the name of the Second-Age magi whose prophecy ended a period of war and bloodshed, and ushered in an era of prosperity?
The Speaker

What is the name of the dark entity that tried to devour the world?
The Shade

Which deity accidentally instigated the return of The Shade?
The Arcanist

How many times has the Arcanist brought forth "the end of the world?"
Twice.

Where does the Arcanist use the Eye of Many Lenses?
The Observatory

Which elemental flight is known for its passionate metalworkers?
Fire

Which flight values the pursuit of truth and knowledge above all else?
Light

Which of these is a Flight?
Arcane

Which of the following is not an elemental flight in Flight Rising?
Metal

Which of the following is not an elemental flight in Flight Rising?
Mist

Which of the following is not an elemental flight in Flight Rising?
Poison

Which of the following is not an elemental flight in Flight Rising?
Star

What is the element of the twelfth Flight?
There are only eleven Flights.

A flight achieves dominance if:
They have the highest ratio of exalted dragons per active clans at the end of a one-week period.

On which day of the week does the current round of dominance end on?
Saturday

Dominance is tallied on which day (FR Time)?
Saturday

How can a player boost exaltation payout?
All of these.

Choose the best answer. Exalting a dragon...
All of these.

What is the name of the Ice Holiday?
Crystalline Gala

What is the name of the Shadow Holiday?
Trickmurk Circus

What is the name of the Wind Holiday?
Mistral Jamboree

What is the name of the Water Holiday?
Wavecrest Saturnalia

What is the name of the Nature Holiday?
Greenskeeper Gathering

What is the name of the Light Holiday?
Brightshine Jubilee

What is the name of the Lightning Holiday?
Thundercrack Carnivale

What is the name of the Fire Holiday?
Flameforger's Festival

What is the name of the Arcane Holiday?
Starfall Celebration

What is the name of the Plague Holiday?
Riot of Rot

What is the name of the Earth Holiday?
Rockbreaker's Ceremony

What month does the Crystalline Gala take place in?
January

What month does the Trickmurk Circus take place in?
February

What month does the Mistral Jamboree take place in?
March

What month does the Wavecrest Saturnalia take place in?
April

What month does the Greenskeeper Gathering take place in?
May

What month does the Brightshine Jubilee take place in?
June

What month does the Thundercrack Carnival take place in?
July

What month does the Flameforger's Festival take place in?
August

What month does the Starfall Celebration take place in?
September

What month does the Riot of Rot take place in?
October

What month does the Rockbreaker's Ceremony take place in?
November

In what month does no Elemental holiday take place?
December

Which month does not have an elemental festival?
December

Which of the following is an elemental holiday currency?
Eternal Snow

Which of the following is an elemental holiday currency?
Shimmering Pinecone

Which of the following is an elemental holiday currency?
Messengers Scroll

Which of the following is an elemental holiday currency?
Giant Sand Dollar

Which of the following is an elemental holiday currency?
Bladed Flatleaf

Which of the following is an elemental holiday currency?
Immaculate Tablet

Which of the following is an elemental holiday currency?
Charged Sprocket

Which of the following is an elemental holiday currency?
Glowing Ember

Which of the following is an elemental holiday currency?
Magical Shard

Which of the following is an elemental holiday currency?
All-Seeing Shroom

Which of the following is an elemental holiday currency?
Deepearth Geode

What is the name of the 2013 Crystalline gala holiday gear?
Frigid Fugitive's Shackles

What is the name of the 2014 Trickmurk Circus holiday gear?
Tricktrouper Crown

What is the name of the Mistral Jamboree 2014 Holiday Gear?
Windbound Plumage

What was the 2013 Brightshine Jubilee Holiday Gear?
Sunchaser Jewelry

What was the 2013 Thundercrack Carnivale Holiday Gear?
Electrician's Power Pack

What is the name of the 2013 Flameforger's Festival holiday gear?
Metallurgist's Forgetools

What is the name of the 2013 Starfall Celebration holiday gear?
Archivist's Spellscroll

What was the one of the retired apparel items from the 2013 Starfall Celebration?
Starseer Armband

What is the name of the 2013 Riot of Rot holiday gear?
Boneyard Tatters

What is the name of the 2013 Rockbreaker's ceremony holiday gear?
Eroded Crystalhide

Which Sprite is not a holiday familiar?
Rainbow Sprite

This holiday sprite has a large, fluffy tail:
Ice Sprite

This holiday sprite has swirly mist over its head:
Wind Sprite

Which of the following familiars is retired?
Water Sprite

Which item is retired?
Nature Sprite

Which of the following familiars is retired?
Light Sprite

This holiday sprite is holding an orb:
Light Sprite

What was the special familiar that could be purchased during the 2013 Thundercrack Carnivale holiday?
Lightning Sprite

This holiday sprite is reading a book:
The arcane sprite

This holiday sprite is wearing a skull:
The plague sprite

Which of the following familiars is retired?
Earth Sprite

Which theme do June 2013 - May 2014 festival familiars share?
Sprites

Which theme do June 2014 - May 2015 festival familiars share?
Bears

Which of these was a skin featured in the first Arcane festival?
Mind Over Matter

What fairground activity involves matching pairs of tiles?
Runestones of the Arcanist

What fairground activity uses 11 elemental tiles + 11 dragon themed tiles?
Runestones of the Arcanist

Which tile is not featured in the fairgrounds game "Runestones of the Arcanist"?
Rain

What fairground activity involves lining up circuits to clear 3 or more?
Shock Switch

What fairground activity is themed after the Lightning Flight?
Shock Switch

What fairground activity involves assembling a puzzle?
Jigsaw

What fairground activity involves clearing groups of 3 or more bubbles from the screen?
Tidal Trouble

What fairground activity is themed after the water flight?
Tidal Trouble

What fairground activity involves predicting the outcome of a pair of cards?
Higher or Lower

The object of the Higher or Lower fairground game is...
To guess whether or not the right card will be higher or lower than the left card.

What is the gold limit required to max-out Lucky Streak in the Fairgrounds?
75,000

Who is the Pearlcatcher with the cauldron?
Baldwin

Who is the Pearlcatcher with the cauldron displayed in one of the Jigsaw puzzles?
Baldwin

What is a similarity that all of the Trading Post dragon merchants share?
Alliterative plot names.

What color dragon is Swipp the Swapper?
Swamp and Sand

What color dragon is Crim the Collector?
Mulberry and Ivory

What color dragon is Pinkerton the Plunderer?
Sand and Midnight

This dragon is a known hoarder, and asks clans to help collect new pieces for their collection:
Crim

This dragon is a sibling of Pinkerton:
Crim

Where did Pinkerton get all of his stuff?
He is perpetually trying to give away all of the items his sister Crim is collecting.

Which of the following is the tundra dragon Pinkerton known to wear?
Glasses and an Hourglass

Which of Pinkerton's horns is broken?
Left

Which of the following dragons does not work at the trading post?
Joxar

What is the name of the mirror dragon who runs the festive favors shop?
Joxar

When is the Festive Favors shop NOT open for business?
Flight Rising Anniversary

This dragon sets up his cart at the trading post, and is always eager to make a trade:
Swipp

Swipp will trade an Autumnal Wreath in exchange for which combination of items?
Sand Creeper and Gold Ore

Swipp will trade a Black Tulip Flowerfall in exchange for which combination of items?
Black Tulip

Swipp will trade cloudy feathered wings in exchange for these items:
Salt and a steam gyre.

Swipp will trade a crown of bones in exchange for which of these items?
250 Bone Fragments

Swipp will trade a Cursed Talonclasp Pendant in exchange for which combination of items?
Ruby Ring and Canopic Jar

Swipp will trade a darksong face mask in exchange for which combination of items?
Haunted Stone Orb and Ancestral Incense

Swipp will trade a Darksong Haori in exchange for which combination of items?
Dusk Jadevine and Shadow Runestone

Swipp will trade a Diamond Talonclasp Pendant in exchange for which combination of items?
Diamond Ring and Platinum Ore

Swipp will trade an Emerald Green Satin Tunic in exchange for which combination of items?
None of these

Swipp will trade a Gold Satin Tunic in exchange for which combination of items?
Mangled Textile and Banded Sardonyx

Swipp will trade journeyman satchels in exchange for which of these items?
Moldy Leather and Rotting Leather

Swipp will trade a mystic bark mask in exchange for which of these items?
Cedar Logs and Squirrel Skulls

Swipp will trade a Sakura Flowerfall in exchange for which combination of items?
Blushing Pink Rose and Sakura Owl

Swipp will trade a Sunsong Face Mask in exchange for which combination of items?
Light Runestone and Jasper

Swipp will trade a Sunsong Haori in exchange for which combination of items?
Sunkernal and Porcelain Jar

Swipp will trade a White and Gold Flaire Scarf in exchange for which combination of items?
White Cabbage Butterfly and White Pawn

If you provide Swipp with a handful of Crumbling Leather, which item will he trade you in return?
Tan Bandana

If you provide Swipp with a handful of herdbeast hooves, which item will he trade you in return?
Tawny Antlers

If you provide Swipp with a handful of Lucky Stars and Juneflowers, which item will he trade you in return?
Tickled Hyacinth

What will you get if you swap Swipp 60 Maiden's Blush and 60 White Linen Fabric Scraps?
Crimson Silk Scarf

In exchange for 50 Wisp Fruits and a Sparrow Skull, Swipp will give you:
Aqua Birdskull Legband

Which of the following is NOT obtainable from Swipp?
Poison

Which of the following is NOT obtainable from Swipp?
Red and Gold Flair Scarf

What is my name?
Tomo

What is my scribe's name?
Scribbles

Breed change scrolls are found in what sub-section of the marketplace?
Specialty

In which marketplace subshop would you find a Scroll of Renaming?
Specialty

When does the Marketplace have a chance to restock?
Every 5 minutes

What is the currency of Flight Rising that is primarily earned through gameplay?
Treasure

Flight Rising's main form of earned currency is called:
Treasure.

Flight Rising's premium currency is called:
Gems.

What are vistas?
Forum Avatar Decorations

How much of a dragon's image may an accent cover up?
30% or less

This item allows a player to paint their own dragons in their favorite art program:
Skin Blueprint

Where is the Scrying Workshop located?
Spiral Keep

What feature can be used to check dragon compatibility and prevent inbreeding?
Assay Bloodlines

In what forum should clans post images of dragons that they want to show off?
Dragon Share

Which of these genes was sponsored by a patron in the Flight Rising Kickstarter?
Seraph

Players who backed for the following pack during the Flight Rising Kickstarter received a Bone Fiend and Cranial Helmhorn:
Fiendish

Players who backed for the following pack during the Flight Rising Kickstarter received a Skycat and Cloudy Wings:
Cloudy

Players who backed for the following pack during the Flight Rising Kickstarter received a Golden Idol and Gilded Crown:
Gilded

Players who backed for the following pack during the Flight Rising Kickstarter received a Cog Frog and Scroll Case:
Clockwork

Which of the following dragon species was designed by a backer of the Flight Rising Kickstarter?
Skydancer Dragons

Which of the following is not a real achievement?
Level 25- 1 Dragon

Which of the following is NOT an achievement?
Trading an item with Swipp

Without buying any upgrades, how many pieces of apparel can each dragon naturally equip?
6

What is the maximum amount of apparel a dragon may wear at once?
16 pieces.

How many days minimum must your lair's collective average energy remain above 80% before you will start receiving daily bonuses?
3.

The Flight Rising Developer Q&A is called:
Words on the Wind

Which of the following staff is/are artists:
Xhaztol and Undel